feat: use `plugin-prettier` control one file format or not (#3)
hipstersmoothie/obsidian-plugin-prettier: README.md

And the following settings:

| Setting           | Default |
| ----------------- | ------- |
| Format on Save    | false   |
| Format code block | false   |

> And the following Front-matter, you can use this setting to control one file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the following to your note's front-matter to enable this plugin for a specific file.
```
